All right.
So here in the user comments, a component.
We need to have similar code that we previously had for the comment section in the admin desk.
Right.
So let's go to Baz's admin.
Comments index.
We can copy all discord.
Scorpio on Discord and we make the changes.
I used to copy everything, go to user comment and actually you can see that a place that sends a name
to the user comment.
You should come.
So here.
Let's leave the imports as it is for now.
Admin layout.
We don't need that.
So let's do the layout.
So that means let's come down here to the layout.
Let's leave it like a fragment.
Okay.
And then here we will not have the pagination.
This is only for showing the current to use this comment.
So we don't need to get.
Don't.
We don't need.
To face the comments based on the phase changes.
Right.
So we didn't get total.
That means we don't need the total and BS from this in the state.
Next.
Andrew Tillett.
Let's leave it for now.
We'll come back to this one filtering.
We can leave that list of comments.
We're going to leave that the insert of view.
It will be edited.
We will work on that.
No more.
We don't need them.
I guess let's go on to the first thing we want to do is face are the comments, but this time it will
be the user comments.
All right.
So first comments here, let's send this to the user.
Comments.
Back and then we can just use sitcom and stuff.
All right.
So let's have a look.
Let's make sure we're getting the uses coming out of context.
So the path of results especially.
Are important in the right path.
So we are here.
So one step up to step up.
That's true.
All right, so we have the base here.
Great.
We don't see any comments.
User.
Comments.
See the comments.
Populate is not a function.
User comments.
So we have some issues.
Controllers push this to 75.
Let's have a look.
Let's go to the backing controllers post 275.
Populate.
So we find out the comments.
Come and find out this time we trying to find by the posted by foster by request user ID.
Then we populated posted by.
Popular post indie.
This looks high.
Population is not a function.
Okay.
So we have this table here to find.
Right.
So find.
Find about that.
And then we should have the the parenthesis, closing parenthesis, and then we as populate that should
be there.
Okay.
So there was a bit of type of that.
Okay, let's after that fix.
Hopefully it works.
You to reload.
Beautiful beautiful.
So we have this user commented this user have should come in to it comments ryan also has a comment
let's have a look at this are the uses of square.
And he doesn't have any comment.
So let's go and let's leave some comments by this user.
Just some.
Wow.
I like the commenting system here.
All right.
So this is a live to comment.
Let's see if we can have a look at that in out in the decimal.
Surely we can.
Beautiful.
I guess it's working for subscriber.
And also now we want to implement, edit and delete.
So let's change this from view to edit and then we work on the delete as well.
I think delete will work because we already have applied the mirror work and update delete.
So let's actually give it a try.
So we have it coming.
Let's delete and we have seven comments will reload.
Beautiful.
Archie Dillard is already working.
Starting.
Already working.
I'm pretty sure she is beautiful.
So the only thing we need to do is work on this one instead of you.
Let's make it.
Edit Or if you want to, you can even leave this.
You can live you.
And just add one more link for us to.
So user comments.
Let's go down here.
Accents are really.
It.
All right, so let's copy that.
View, edit and delete.
Let's call it edit.
And this time what is going to do is we're going to actually take them to a different page to edit the
comment.
Instead, we're going to open up a model.
So some kind of a model, pop up model, and that's where we use them to be able to update the comment.
So that means.
Edit Let me actually just let me remove this link on to you.
Let me just leave the edit here and click.
We'll do something.
So what do you want to do?
If we want to source the model, then we need to have the visible state in the state by default will
not make it visible, but when they click on this edit, we make that visible.
Okay.
That is one thing.
Another thing is whichever comment either wants to edit on click.
We want to put this item, this comment in the state so that we know which comment to edit.
Right.
So that is also we want to put in the state.
And the content.
So basically when the update happens, the content of the comment tends is right.
So to put that change in the state, we need another state called content.
All right.
So let's let's work on that.
That's great.
Some state needed for update.
So we need one selected.
Comment said selected government agencies to use state
meteorology.
All right.
So we need that when the when that edit it's clicked we take that comment and put it here in this state.
Next one is the contents sent continue to be used.
State by definition of empty.
So the comment the comments value on click we would populate the content and then they can make some
changes.
That's how they would update, right?
The next one is visible, said visible.
Increased use state false.
This will be used for our model.
So let's bring the model component from and as well some model.
And then on the bottom click we change the value.
So let's go down.
So we have the edit on click.
We can put this quote in a function or we can just do it.
It's not much.
Only said selected comment.
That would be the item toward a rendering comment item that Trump said visible.
We make it true.
And then said content.
That would be item of content.
All right, beautiful.
Great.
Now, all this value that we have in the state, we can.
Use the phone just like we had before.
Comment form to create a form.
We can use the similar form pre-populated the value that would be content based on the visible.
We can display the model.
Okay.
So that's.
That's beautiful.
So let's show the model.
And our model doesn't have to be anywhere inside the room.
So it's come down here.
This role, it's quite another role for morale.
Actually.
Yeah, we should create, draw and column because we want to show the comment form as well and the comment
comment from will so into tomorrow.
So it's column and rules.
I think it's not really important, but it's still to use it anyways.
I guess we got the roll call inside here.
We want to show the mural.
That's a model.
Dorothy.
Update.
Let's call it comment because we give the target to the model
on.
Okay.
Set.
We should use elephants here.
Sit visible faults so we can use this for council as its own council.
I'm okay.
Close cancel to close funeral.
We don't want to show any different buttons or make.
No.
And when it's finished, you.
Starting.
Okay.
Cancel visible the most important visible visible value in the statue.
And that is true.
When this is clicked, that'll be true.
So when it's true, we saw the moral.
Otherwise it would be hidden.
Okay, so in this model.
In this model, we want to show it's use it like that to intel model.
We want to show the form, model, form.
And luckily we we can reuse this form.
Previously we had comment form.
You can see this coming form.
Has the text area and a button.
So we need to make sure we pass these functions.
Comment said comment listed values and the function and then handle submit to when it is submitted.
What should happen to previously?
We created the comment.
This time we would object comment so we can send the handle submit function, send the comment.
And this would work because we had the text area, we have the button.
All right.
So let's try to use that comment form.
Let's import.
So we have already entered component.
So we actually we just for I can't comment.
Okay.
It's that.
Inside the model.
Let me just leave it like this for now.
Let's see the progress so far.
When I click edit, I get that model comment from Beautiful.